# Welcome to ETS

We're glad you're here!

This site provides documentation for ETS, lightweight content tagging protocol
for the decentralized internet. Here you'll find both high-level and
technical information for developers, end-users and anyone else trying to
understand how to benefit from this new technology.

**Concepts** provides a high-level overview of ETS including our [big
vision](/essentials/).

## What is ETS?

Ethereum Tag Service (ETS) is a blockchain based webservice that enables third-party
services to perform content tagging in a decentralized way. All tagging data is
recorded to the blockchain, indexed by the service, and exposed via public APIs.
There are no restrictions to the tagging data: any service may consume it as
they see fit. 

ETS employs a novel, patent-pending invention whereby tagging is performed as a
pay-per-tag cryptographic microtransaction and the tags themselves are ERC-721
non-fungible tokens (NFTs). ETS can be extended to tag virtually any uniquely
adressable interent artifact. 

The crypto-enabled nature of ETS enables tagging to be incentivized:
participants receive direct economic benefits for using the service. Tokenizing
tags has the dual benefit of 1) being able to preserve and reuse tags across
participating platforms and 2) enables innovative economic incentives and cash
flows around both tagging and the ownership of the tags themselves.

## Why should I use ETS in my application?

Enabling tagging in your application requires standing up centralized and
redundant infrastructure. This leads to inefficient use of both resources
(servers, databases, software) and human capital (developers, data scientists,
etc).

Furthermore, your tagging data exists on a “data island” isolated and from other
tag.

For projects that are actively tagging or considering tagging content, our
solution will replace centralized infrastructure; simplify & automate tagging;
increase customer engagement; and generate additional revenue streams.

## How can I get involved?

[Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/etsxyz)

[Join the conversation on Discord](https://discord.gg/rRXa8QG435)

[Subscribe to our newsletter](https://hashtagprotocol.substack.com)

[Contact us](mailto:team@ets.xyz)

